LG828 - Release Management
Date:  Aug 14, 2025
Location:  Bengaluru, KA, IN, 560103
We are looking for the right people — people who want to innovate, achieve, grow and lead. We attract and retain the best talent by investing in our employees and empowering them to develop themselves and their careers. Experience the challenges, rewards and opportunity of working for one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the global energy industry.

Job Duties
Under general direction, this role applies release management methodologies to the management of source code, building the source code and then packaging the build artifacts into installers for delivery to the customer for Halliburton&aposs Landmark Software & Services group. Assists with deploying and maintaining secure applications. Ensures applications have undergone adequate security testing. This role usually involves projects of moderate scope and complexity and requires a high level of interaction with members of the product delivery teams (i.e. developers, QA, documentation etc.). Requires an undergraduate degree in Computer Science or related field and 3 years of Release Management or software development experience.
Qualifications & Experience
• BS in Computer Science or related Engineering discipline

• 3+ years of experience in Software development of complex applications

• Experience with Cloud and SaaS Development: Azure and/or AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, etc. 

• Knowledge of AWS Cloud. Certified professionals are preferred.

o Network (VPC. Subnet, TGW, Peering)

o Compute (EC2, workspace, IAM, Security (Policies, Roles etc.)

• Linux administrator

• DevOps Knowledge

• Release Management

o Git

o Artifactory

o CI/CD Pipelines

• Identity

o SAML/OpenID Connect

o Active Directory

Terraform and ansible scripting

Telemetry tools like new relics, splint, or dynatrace 

Halliburton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, citizenship, marital status, sex/gender, sexual preference/ orientation, gender identity, age, veteran status, national origin, or any other status protected by law or regulation.

 

Location

4th Floor, Gardenia 2D, Bengaluru, , 560103,

 

Job Details

Requisition Number: 201528  
Experience Level: Experienced Hire 
Job Family: Engineering/Science/Technology 
Product Service Line: Landmark Software & Services   
Full Time / Part Time: Full Time

Additional Locations for this position: 

 

Compensation Information
Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience.


Job Segment: Cloud, Testing, Computer Science, QA, Quality Assurance, Technology, Quality